---
layout: post
title: "Samosa"
---



### Ingredients:
### For the cover: 
* 2 cups all purpose flour
* ½ teaspoon ajwain or carrom seeds
* Salt to taste
* 4 tablespoon ghee/butter
* Soda water to knead the dough

### For the filling:
* 1 tablespoon oil
* 1 teaspoon cumin seeds
* 2 cups boiled and finely chopped potatoes
* ½ cup green peas
* 1 tablespoon small pieces of ginger
* ½ tablespoon saunf 
* ½ teaspoon turmeric powder
* 1 teaspoon _Aamchoor powder_ or dry mango powder
* 1 teaspoon red chili powder
* 1 teaspoon garam masala
* Salt to taste
* Oil to fry + 1 tablespoon ghee/butter

### Method: 
### For the dough:
1. Mix all purpose flour, salt ajwain and ghee in a bowl. Mix everything properly to make sure ghee is properly incorporated.
2. Add soda water little at a time. Make a medium to stiff consistency dough. Cover it with moist cloth and keep it aside.

### For the stuffing:
1. Add ginger pieces and _saunf_ in a blender jar and grind it. 
2. Heat pan in a oil. Add cumin seeds. Add green peas and mix well.
3. Add chopped potatoes. Add ginger and saunf paste. 
4. Add turmeric powder, red chili powder, aamchoor powder, garam masala and salt. 
5. Mix everything together and turn off the flame.

### To assemble:
1. Heat oil in a pan. Add 1 tablespoon ghee/butter into the oil.
2. Knead the dough again with your hands. Make small to medium sized balls. (depending on the size of samosa you want) 
3. Roll out a ball to a circular shape. Cut in the middle of the circle. Dab some water on the open side or straight side of the cut circle. Fold it in half and make a cone shape. 
4. Add the filling in the cone. Dab some water all around the edges and seal them. It should look like a triangle. 
5. Deep fry samosas in a kadai on a medium heat. Drain them on a paper. 
6. Serve with green chutney or sweet chutney or ketchup.