---
layout: post
title: "Dabeli"
---



_Dabeli_ aka _Kutchi dabeli_ is a very famous street food from the region of Gujarat. This popular snack is prepared with potatoes and dabeli masala. It tastes little spicy and sweet so kids enjoy this too. 

Apart from the potato filling, the main attraction is how well you decorate them. You can use grapes, cherries, tutti fruity, coconut, cilantro, pomegranate and peanuts. 

Another essential ingredient of any chaat or street food is chutney. There are two types of chutneys (Spicy and sweet) that we mainly use. 
In India, _laadi pav_ is used for dabeli. But if you are outside India, you may not get the same type of bread. So, dinner rolls or burger buns are good substitutes. 

Let's start making this delicious recipe :) 

### Ingredients:

### For the filling:
* 2 medium potatoes boiled and mashed
* 2 tablespoon oil
* 1-1½ tablespoon dabeli masala
* Salt to taste
* ½ teaspoon cumin seeds
* 2 tablespoon water
* Pinch of sugar (optional)

### For Masala Peanuts:
* ½ cup regular peanuts
* 1 teaspoon oil
* ¼ teaspoon red chilli powder
* Pinch of turmeric
* Pinch of chaat masala
* Salt to taste

### For the garnishing:
* ½ cup masala peanuts 
* 2-3 tablespoon dry shredded coconut
* ½ cup grapes 
* ½ cup fresh pomegranate 
* chopped cilantro

### For serving:
* Dinner rolls
* ½ cup chopped onion
* ½ cup sweet chutney
* ½ cup green chutney
* butter 


### Method:
## For the Potato Filling:

1. Get a pan and add cumin seeds. When they crackle, add boiled mashed potatoes and mix it. 
2. Add dabeli masala, salt to taste, and pinch of sugar. Mix well. 
3. Add 2 tablespoon water and stir continuously and let it cook for 5 minutes. 
4. Remove from the heat and spread the mixture evenly on a plate. 

### For the masala peanuts:
1. Get ½ cup peanuts in a microwave safe bowl and roast them. You can dry roast them into the pan on stove top too. Keep it aside to cool them down.
2. Remove the peanut skin by rubbing them with your hands. Clean the peanuts and keep it aside. 
3. Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a pan and add roasted peanuts. Add red chilli powder, turmeric, salt, and chat masala and mix well. Mix well on a low flame for a minute. Switch off the flame and keep it aside.

### Garnishing:
1. Spread the potato filling on a plate. 
2. Add chopped grapes on top
3. Add masala peanuts on top. 
4. Sprinkle dry grated coconut and chopped cilantro.
5. Add pomegranate.

### To assemble:
1. Slice the dinner rolls into half horizontally. Apply some butter to each side. Heat a tava or griddle and cook the dinner roll from both the sides. 
2. Spread the chutneys inside the dinner roll according to your taste and add 2 tablespoon of potato mixture. Add chopped onions on the mixture. 
3. Serve immediately.