---
layout: post
title: "Dum Aloo"
---



# Serves: 4 persons

### Ingredients: 
* 15 baby potatoes
* 1 roughly chopped onion
* 2 tomatoes chopped roughly
* 4-5 Cashews
* 3 tablespoon oil
* ½ teaspoon fennel seeds
* ½ teaspoon cumin seeds
* 1 teaspoon ginger paste
* ½ teaspoon garlic paste
* 1 teaspoon kashmiri red chilli powder
* 1 teaspoon garam masala
* ¼ teaspoon kasuri methi
* ¼ teaspoon turmeric powder
* ¼ teaspoon cardamom powder
* 1 teaspoon coriander powder
* ¼ cup yogurt
* Salt to taste
* Pinch of sugar
* Around 1 cup water

### Method:
1. Add potatoes in a pressure cooker with enough water. Cook for 1 whistle and turn off the heat. Let the pressure reduce completely. Remove cooked potatoes from the cooker and keep them aside to cool down. 
2. Heat a pan and add 1 tablespoon oil. Add cumin seeds and fennel seeds. Let them sizzle and then add chopped onion. Saute for half a minute and then add cashews and ginger-garlic paste.  Mix well and cook for 1 minute. 
3. Add chopped tomatoes and cook everything till the raw smell goes away. Add salt and mix. Turn off the heat and let the mixture cool down completely. Add the cooled mixture into a blender and make a fine paste. 
4. Meanwhile, peel all the potatoes. Heat 2 tablespoon oil in a seperate pan. Add all the potatoes and saute them for 5 minutes on a low heat. Sprinkle red chill powder and salt on top. Keep them aside.
5. Heat remaining oil in a pan and add red chilli powder and pinch of sugar. Add the paste from the blender and stir. Add turmeric, coriander powder, garam masala, and cardamom powder. As the spices get mixed well, add yogurt. Saute everything for a minute. 
6. Add potatoes and mix everything. Add enough water according to the consistency of gravy you would like to have. Let the curry boil. 
7. Sprinkle kasuri methi on top and turn off the heat. 
8. Serve hot with roti or rice.