Permalink: Gul Poli

# Gul Poli

### Ingerdients:
### For the filling:
* ½ kg. Jaggery
* 3 tablespoon oil
* 6 tablespoon gram flour or besan
* 2 tablespoon poppy seeds
* 2 tablespoon sesame seeds
* 2 tablespoon peanut powder
* 1 teaspoon nutmeg powder
* 1 teaspoon cardamom powder
* ⅛ teaspoon paan chuna or pickling lime

### For the Cover:
* 400 grams all purpose flour
* 400 grams fine sooji or semolina
* 6 tablespoon oil
* Salt to taste

* Rice flour to dust

### Method:
### Filling:
1. Grate jaggery so that there are no chunks. 
2. Dry roast poppy seeds, sesame seeds individually. Grind it in a blender to a fine powder. 
3. Heat 3 tablespoon oil in a pan. Add gram flour and roast on a medium flame. Roast until its raw smell goes away. Kepp it aside to cool it down.  
4. In a big bowl, add grated jaggery, gram flour, poppy seeds and sesame seeds powder, nutmeg powder, cardamom powder, paan chuna. Mix it well and keep it aside. 

### For the cover:
1. Add all purpose flour and semolina in a bowl. Heat 6 tablespoon oil in a pan. Add this hot oil to the flour mixture. Add salt to taste. Knead a medium consistency dough with the help of water. Keep it aside for 2-3 hours. 

### How to make:
1. Heat tava or griddle on a medium flame.  
2. Make a small size ball from the cover. Roll into a small disk. Get equal size of ball from the filling. Flatten the ball between your palms. Place it on a rolled disk. 
Make another bigger size ball from the filling and roll into a disk. Place this disk on the filling. Seal the edges by pressing the sides with your fingers. Dust some rice flour on the surface. Roll out in a thin chapati. Place it on tava and cook from both the sides. 
Serve with ghee. 

### Note:
1.You can make filling a day before too. Keep it in a air tight container and store it in a refrigerator. 
2. Another method of making is make equal size balls from the filling and cover. Roll the cover ball into small disk. Place a filling ball in the center and seal the edges properly. Dust some rice flour on the surface. Roll the ball very carefully into a thin chapati. Make sure the filling is not coming out of chapati. Place on heated griddle. Cook from both the sides.
3. Makes around 20 gul polis with this measurement. 



